version 7.0.15 release (#196)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM.io: _pages/changelog.md

- Added ABNF for more datatypes and updated DIGIT's capitalization for compatibility with more ABNF toolchains.

- Various typo corrections.

# Version 7.0.14

- Recommend that `NO XYZ` only be used where `XYZ` is permitted (its meaning is undefined elsewhere).

- Recommend that a given `INDI` have at most one `FAMC` pointing to a given `FAM` (having more than one has unclear meaning); and likewise that a given `FAM` have at most one `CHIL` pointing to a given `INDI` (having more than one indicates nonsensical birth order).

- Refactor presentation of local files to better match related RFCs and only make implementable constraints, and to use its own `<FilePath>` datatype instead of `<Special>`. This does not change `FILE` payloads, only how they are specified to better support automated tooling.

- Refactor the enumeration tags `CENS`, `EVEN`, `FACT`, `NCHI`, and `RESI` to have different URIs, removing a previous parsing ambiguity. This changes neither the set of tags permitted in any enumeration set nor those tags' meaning, only how they are specified to better support automated tooling.

> - Deprecate extension-defined substructures using `stdTag` in a way incompatible with any standard definition of that tag. The now-deprecated use was common in 5.5.1 and is permitted in 7.0, but can prevent extension structures from being adopted as-is as new standard structures in future versions of the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecate the ability to use extension-defined substructures `stdTag` in a way incompatible with any standard definition of that tag. The now-deprecated use was common in 5.5.1 and is permitted in 7.0, but can prevent extension structures from being adopted as-is as new standard structures in future versions of the specification.
```
Possible wordsmithing suggestion to make it clearer that "in a way incompatible" modifies the use rather than the deprecation process.  Alternatively just change "using" to "that use".

Author: This suggestion is tracked in separate issue https://github.com/FamilySearch/GEDCOM/pull/547
